Lead Software Engineer – UI/API
 
ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY:
FreeWheel is looking for passionate Software Engineers to help design and build our high-quality, innovative video advertising platform. This position is based in Beijing.
 
FreeWheel helps the television industry to monetize their premium contents through a robust
technology platform, which enables consumers to view high quality videos on any devices including PC, smart phone, OTT device, set-top box and traditional TV.
 
FreeWheel’s Beijing Engineering Hub is the center of our global engineering group that is building the one-stop solution for TV industry to manage its billion-dollar revenue. Our tech platform is capable of handling billions of daily requests, providing insightful forecasting of inventory and audience, processing terabytes of raw daily data, and optimizing clients’ business.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Be responsible for the complete lifecycle of software development, including designing, prototyping, implementation, testing, maintenance and technical support
Produce technical specifications and determine operational feasibility
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Tailor and deploy engineering tools, processes and metrics
Serve as the expert of online advertising industry, and drive the industry with continuous technical innovation
Partner with global engineering, product and operations teams to further incorporate collective innovations
 
A Lead Software Engineer in UI/API team will
Design and build FreeWheel’s flagship products in high quality standard.
Lead a project team to analyze and solve business problem across a product line.
Bring in best practices and control team’s code/design quality.
Identify improvement needed in fundamental technical areas and lead the projects to implement it.
Mentor team members.
 
ABOUT YOU:
Extensive experience (6+ years preferred) on building and operating large scale web-based business applications including web sites, MIS, ERP, workflow tools etc.
Solid Knowledgeable in the field (e.g. http, LAMP, JAVA, cutting-edge technologies)
Experience with Ruby on Rails is a plus.
Rich experience with JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Ajax, and popular frameworks, like JQuery, Bootstrap, etc., is a plus.
Experience in building browser-based rich-client Web application is a plus.
Strong passion with learning / practicing new technics.
Hands-on technical lead experience is preferred.
Team working skills, good communication skills, Willingness to work under pressure.
Excellent English skills on listening, speaking, reading and writing.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field is a plus.
 
